feat: use `pose_source` and `twist_source` for selecting localization methods (#418)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/integrating-autoware/launch-autoware/localization-methods/index.md

In order to launch this explicitly, you need to specify as follows:

```bash
ros2 launch autoware_launch autoware.launch.xml ... pose_source:=ndt ...
```

Note that currently `pose_source` is set to NDT as default, so you can skip this argument.

## Gyro Odometer: an IMU & wheel odometry based twist estimator (default)

By default, Autoware launches [gyro_odometer](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/tree/main/localization/gyro_odometer) for twist estimator.
In order to launch this explicitly, you need to specify as follows:

```bash
ros2 launch autoware_launch autoware.launch.xml ... twist_source:=gyro_odom ...
```

Note that currently `twist_source` is set to Gyro Odometer as default, so you can skip this argument.

## YabLoc: a camera and vector map based pose estimator

You can use YabLoc as a camera-based localization method.
For more details on YabLoc, please refer to the [README of YabLoc](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/blob/main/localization/yabloc/README.md) in autoware.universe.

> To use YabLoc as a pose_estimator, add `localization_mode:=camera` when launching Autoware.
> By default, the `localization_mode` is set to `lidar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use YabLoc as a pose_estimator, add `pose_source:=yabloc` when launching Autoware.
By default, the `pose_source` is set to `ndt`.
```

Author: Thanks! Reflected: https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/418/commits/cece86e6103816a63297d65d8845055a98526a08
